docs: include instructions in getting-started pages for quickstart (#659)
stellar/soroban-docs: docs/getting-started/setup.mdx

  --network-passphrase "Test SDF Network ; September 2015"
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="standalone" label="Standalone">

The Standalone network is a fully featured Stellar network that runs the same protocol, software, and services as the Testnet or Futurenet networks. The main difference is that it's isolated to your own local machine. You can also benefit from one-second ledger close times, making it a faster network to develop against.

First, you will need to have Docker installed and running on your local machine. If you haven't already, you can follow the installation instructions for [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/) before proceeding.

Next, you can run the following command to download and start a `stellar/quickstart` container (this docker container will run in the foreground of the terminal, so you may want to open a new terminal/tab for this command):

```bash

> docker run --rm -it \

Reviewer: The `-t` isn't needed, and in fact can cause problems, so generally should be avoided unless quickstart is being run in a mode that actually requires an attached tty, which from the rest of the options in use, doesn't look like it.
```suggestion
docker run --rm -i \
```

  -p 8000:8000 \
  --name stellar \
  stellar/quickstart:testing \

>   --standalone \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --local \
```

  --enable-soroban-rpc
```

Then, configure your CLI to interact with the Standalone network:

```bash

> soroban config network add --global standalone \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
soroban config network add --global local \
```

  --network-passphrase "Test SDF Network ; September 2015"
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="local" label="Local">

> The Local network is a fully featured Stellar network that runs the same protocol, software, and services as the Testnet, Futurenet, or even Mainnet networks. The main difference is that it's isolated to your own local machine. You can also benefit from one-second ledger close times, making it a faster network to develop against.

Reviewer: `A` not `the`. There's not one local network, also why no capital.

The last sentence is a repeat of details above.

```suggestion
A local network is a fully featured Stellar network that runs the same protocol, software, and services as Testnet, or Mainnet, but it's isolated to your own local machine.
```
